chore: Updating Lookout documentation (#15020)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/lookout-signals.mdx

---
title: Diagnose anomalies with Lookout
---

import embedded_lookout_diagnose_button from 'images/embedded-lookout-diagnose-button.webp'

import embedded_lookout_detail from 'images/embedded-lookout-detail.webp'

> Use [New Relic Lookout](/docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/core-concepts/new-relic-lookout-monitor-your-estate-glance/) to detect anomalies in your entities' golden signals (E.g. - response time, error rate, and throughput for a service) and analyze the behavior and causes of those anomalies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [New Relic Lookout](/docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/core-concepts/new-relic-lookout-monitor-your-estate-glance/) to detect anomalies in your entities' golden signals (for example, the response time, error rate, and throughput for a service) and analyze the behavior and causes of those anomalies.
```
